Change the Reader.Collect Signature. (#3732)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Attribute `KeyValue` creations functions to `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.17.0` for all non-enum semantic conventions.
  These functions ensure semantic convention type correctness. (#3675)

### Changed

> - Metric SDK `Reader.Collect()` signature has changed to enable memory reuse (#????)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Collect` method of the `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/metric".Reader` interface is updated to accept the `metricdata.ResourceMetrics` value the collection will be made into.
  This change is made to enable memory reuse by SDK users. (#3732)
```
